.\"  Copyright 2006, 2007, 2008, 2009, 2010
.\"  André Malo
.\"
.\"  Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
.\"  you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
.\"  You may obtain a copy of the License at
.\" 
.\"      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
.\"
.\"  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
.\"  distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
.\"  WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
.\"  See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
.\"  limitations under the License.
.\"
.TH WTFCTL "1" "2014" "WSGI Tackling Framework 0.8" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
wtfctl \- Managing script for WTF applications
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B wtfctl \fBstart|stop|restart|logrotate\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
Some description
.SS GENERAL OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fR
show program's version number and exit
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
show a help message and exit
.SS CONTROL PARAMETERS
.TP
\fBstart\fR
Start the application.
.TP
\fBstop\fR
Stop the application.
.TP
\fBrestart\fR
Restart the application.
.TP
\fBlogrotate\fR
Reopen the logfile(s).
.\" .SH "CONFIGURATION FILES"
.\" Foo description.
.SH "REPORTING BUGS"
If you've found a bug or have an idea how to improve the WSGI Tackling
Framework, please send a mail to <\fIwtf\-bugs@perlig.de\fR>.
.SH "AUTHOR INFORMATION"
Andr\('e "nd" Malo <nd@perlig.de>, GPG: 0x8103A37E
.SH "SEE ALSO"
The full documentation of the wtf package is maintained in HTML format.
You may find it in the \fI/usr/share/docs/wtf/\fR directory at your
site or online at <\fIhttp://opensource.perlig.de/wtf/\fR>.
